---
title: Billing and Payments
breadcrumb: /accounts_billing:Accounting & Billing/billing.md:Billing/

---

Billing and Payments
====================

Introduction
------------

Go Higher Information Services offers a variety of products and services to our customers.  Here are some of the most commonly asked questions we receive concerning billing and payments.

## Billing

### When do invoices go out?

Invoices are generated two weeks before the product due date.

### How do I make a payment for my invoice?

Be sure to log into our site using the Login button on the top right.  Once you have logged in, you will see on the right side a menu item that reads *My Invoices*.  Click that link to be taken to make payment.

### If I pay with a PayPal subscription, do I have to pay the invoice directly?

No, you do not have to pay the invoice directly if you have a PayPal subscription in place to pay the invoice.  **If you do pay early and have a PayPal subscription, PayPal will still send the agreed to subscription amount!** 

### Do you charge a late fee?

Yes, we will charge a late fee if payment has not been received within five (5) days of the invoice due date.  The late fee is 10% of the invoice total.

## Payments

### What payment options are available

Go Higher Information Services currently accepts payment through PayPal and creditcard.  We utilize 2Checkout for credit card payment processing.

### I cancelled my leased license with you, why did you bill my PayPal account?

We actually do not bill PayPal directly for leased licenses.  When you first ordered services with us, you payed through PayPal and setup the transaction as a recurring payment.  PayPal does not require or wait for an invoice to be generated by Go Higher Information Services before sending money to our account.  This is a subscription that must be cancelled within your PayPal Recurring Payments screen.